>> Kyle Simpson: All right, so
continuing on with our exploration of this
prototype pattern.
If I were to, as I'm doing on line 10,
take that deepJS object and
add an ask to it.
See on line 10,
I'm adding an ask directly to deepJS.
Remember, the one that's created,
line 4, is up on workshop.prototype.
And I'm making another one of
the same name on the deepJS object.
And if you can visualize to
that diagram in your head,
then that means that we
have shadowing going on.
Cuz we have two different
levels of the prototype chain
with the exact same property.
When I say on line 11 this.ask,
what is the this keyword
gonna point at on line 11?
At this point, whenever I ask you,
what is the this keyword gonna point at?
Your default response should be,
where's the call-site?
So where is the call-site here?
What line is it on?
>> Speaker 2: 14?
>> Kyle Simpson: Line 14, and
what does line 14's call-site tell
us about what the this keyword will
be inside of that method call?
Remember the implicit binding rule?
That's the most important
of all the rules,
it tells us that this keyword
is gonna point at deepJS.
So on line 11, this is deepJS.
So we are now saying deepJS.ask, again.
>> Kyle Simpson: So what's gonna happen?
And infinite recursion, right.
We're gonna keep saying, and
then we're gonna run out of stuff.
So the this dot here doesn't
work in place of a super.
It's not a relative polymorphic
reference here, you follow me?
It doesn't work, how do we go one level
up the prototype chain if we have a this
keyword, reference, how do we go from
deepJS up to workshop.prototype?
>> Kyle Simpson: Well you could say,
.dondoproto.
Dondoproto is the property, that goes
up one level of the prototype chain,
up to workshop.
But if I said this .dondoproto.ask,
and then I called it.
What would it's this keyword be?
>> Kyle Simpson: If the call site
said this.dunderproto.ask, and
it invoked a method there,
what would that this keyword point at?
>> Speaker 3: Workshop.
>> Kyle Simpson: Workshop.prototype,
which is not what we want.
So instead on line 11,
we have to do this abomination.
This .dunderproto.ask.callthis.
We find the method one level
up the prototype chain but
we have to invoke it in our these context.
It's horrible, right?
I refer to this as explicit
pseudo polymorphism.
This is horrible,
this is not real relative polymorphism.
It's not a stand in for the super keyword.
And by the way, if we stuck
another object on the end of this,
like if we extended our
prototype chain by one level.
Now we don't need one
.dunderproto in there.
We need two dunder protos.
That functions got to say this,
.dunderproto.dunderproto.ask.callthis.
And if we add a third link now
we need three dunder protos.
So in other words, when you try to
shadow without using the class system.
When you were in prototypes and
you tried to shadow,
you ended up creating essentially
this complete breakage.
There's no way to do
the relative polymorphism.
Why on earth would we
shadow in the first place?
Was because shadowing is how
you do polymorphism, right?
In class design theory, the whole
point of having a child class is so
that you can inherit
something from the parent.
Override it and then call super to access
the parent version of it, to extend it.
So that's what we're trying to do here.
We're trying to override and
extend the ASK method but
it doesn't work because we are outside
of the confines of a system that is very
carefully constructed through duck tape,
a super keyword.